a common scene in the Iraqi Capital
Bagdad every Friday following the Friday
mass congregation prayers protesters
gather to march to Stage a sit in in
solidarity with the people of Gaza who
have been suffering under the Israeli
bombardment for more than 3 months now
these protesters have been encouraged by
the Imam of the mosque who accused the
Arab regimes of collaborating with
Israel the Arab rulers have wasted the
Palestinian cause the Egyptian regime is
participating in that genocide by
insisting on closing its border with
Gaza they have been chanting against
Israel they have been chanting against
the countries supporting Israel and on
top of them as they say the United
States which they accuse of standing as
a major suppor
of Israel's military campaign against
Gaza these protesters are now calling on
the International Community to intervene
to put an end to the genocide against
the people of
Gaz our message to the people of Gaza
our hearts go out to you your cause is
ours too we will never stand down until
a ceasefire is put in place as Bagdad
has been witnessing a strikes by US
forces targeting military commanders
with the Islamic resistance these
protesters are also calling on the Iraqi
government to request withdrawal of all
US military personnel from
Iraq mm Abdul Al jaaz bdad